README.md, before:

## Brief About Me

Extremely hard-working, self-motivated and driven individual with a passion for iOS Development. Having gotten into iOS Development back in late 2016, I've constantly striven to learn more and take on interesting challenges with a creative twist.

With a keen eye for detail, I always aim to build the most functional and visually appealing product that I can - putting in considerable time for both system and visual design.

## My Event - Countdown

![iOS 13.0+](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-13.0%2B-blue)
![Swift 5.0+](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-5.0%2B-orange)
![None](https://img.shields.io/badge/Libraries-None-red)
![Combination](https://img.shields.io/badge/Build-Combination-green)
![On The App Store](https://img.shields.io/badge/Stage-On%20The%20App%20Store-yellow)

[My Events - Countdown](https://github.com/Blakey47/Event-Countdown) is a beautifully simple Events app designed entirely to create wonderful looking moments that you can look forward to and remember. I've built this app with a combination of Storyboard and Programmatically, something I found incredibly fun. My Event - Countdown uses no libraries and build entirely using custom code.

The most challenging aspect of this app was the introduction of Core Data late into the apps production phase.

The App is currently on the App Store and can be found [here](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/my-events-countdown/id1499349723?ls=1).

![Screenshot at Feb 06 23-52-06](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/73988982-37210e00-493c-11ea-85e7-c00158be90d1.png) ![Screenshot at Feb 06 23-53-11](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/73988980-36887780-493c-11ea-916e-523cb2a9f86a.png) ![Screenshot at Feb 06 23-53-57](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/73988979-35efe100-493c-11ea-9a67-e951a18bc337.png)
![Screenshot at Feb 06 23-55-27](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/73988975-34beb400-493c-11ea-8e82-dbaca21e31b6.png)

## The Coin Tracker

![iOS 13.0+](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-13.0%2B-blue)
![Swift 5.0+](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-5.0%2B-orange)
![None](https://img.shields.io/badge/Libraries-None-red)
![Storyboard](https://img.shields.io/badge/Build-Storyboard-green)

[The Coin Tracker](https://github.com/Blakey47/The-Coin-Tracker) was an app that I wanted to create that tracks Bitcoin pricing as the API endpoint I was working with had a lot of nested objects that I wanted to learn more about. The App is rather simple, but it did provide me the opportunity to work with a lot of small labels in a dense proximity.

Though this app is simple, I did thoroughly enjoy working on and I am proud of UI Design and the Animation for the UIPickerView. The Coin Tracker is built with Xcode and Swift 5. It makes extensive use of Auto Layout for the UI Design.

<img width="281" alt="Screenshot at Dec 16 19-43-46" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/70937642-89306c00-203c-11ea-8cea-0814558be78c.png"> ![Screenshot at Jan 13 10-17-20](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/72247958-f14b8100-35ed-11ea-9c1b-44dff75c8d49.png) <img width="287" alt="Screenshot at Dec 16 19-44-47" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/70937662-9188a700-203c-11ea-9d00-7a6b96a44196.png">

## App Introduction

![iOS 13.0+](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-13.0%2B-blue)
![Swift 5.0+](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-5.0%2B-orange)
![Lottie](https://img.shields.io/badge/Libraries-Lottie-red)
![Programmatic](https://img.shields.io/badge/Build-Programmatic-green)

Working with the amazing Lottie library, it was great fun creating an example of a simple [App Introduction](https://github.com/Blakey47/App-Introcution-Story) story. Focusing mainly on my visual design skills, building this rather straight forward app programmatically provided me great insight into a users journey through an intro story via my research to get this just right.

I found the paging controls the greatest challenge in implementing this introduction journey but I was extremely happy with the overall result.

![1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/72733328-8969dd00-3b8f-11ea-9928-083960d4a386.gif)
![2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/72733327-8969dd00-3b8f-11ea-8239-543092705cc7.gif)
![3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/72733326-8969dd00-3b8f-11ea-8b06-0c87a36b6dde.gif)

## GitHub Followers

![iOS 13.0+](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-13.0%2B-blue)
![Swift 5.0+](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-5.0%2B-orange)
![None](https://img.shields.io/badge/Libraries-None-red)
![Programmatic](https://img.shields.io/badge/Build-Programmatic-green)

Using the GitHub endpoint, I've had the pleasure of learning from Sean Allen building the [GitHub Followers](https://github.com/Blakey47/GitHubFollowers) app programmatically in a take home project format. 

Course Instructor: [Sean Allen](seanallen.co)

![Screenshot at Jan 13 10-06-56](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/72247312-851c4d80-35ec-11ea-8b44-92d54d96eecb.png)
![Screenshot at Feb 07 00-11-07](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/73989636-633d8e80-493e-11ea-80f3-c7bcb0b2e085.png)
![Screenshot at Feb 07 00-10-04](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/73989639-65075200-493e-11ea-91f3-a428e2c8e107.png)

Commit message:

Added my CareerFoundry project - Note Pal

README.md, after:

## Brief About Me

Extremely hard-working, self-motivated and driven individual with a passion for iOS Development. Having gotten into iOS Development back in late 2016, I've constantly striven to learn more and take on interesting challenges with a creative twist.

With a keen eye for detail, I always aim to build the most functional and visually appealing product that I can - putting in considerable time for both system and visual design.

## My Event - Countdown

![iOS 13.0+](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-13.0%2B-blue)
![Swift 5.0+](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-5.0%2B-orange)
![None](https://img.shields.io/badge/Libraries-None-red)
![Combination](https://img.shields.io/badge/Build-Combination-green)
![On The App Store](https://img.shields.io/badge/Stage-On%20The%20App%20Store-yellow)

[My Events - Countdown](https://github.com/Blakey47/Event-Countdown) is a beautifully simple Events app designed entirely to create wonderful looking moments that you can look forward to and remember. I've built this app with a combination of Storyboard and Programmatically, something I found incredibly fun. My Event - Countdown uses no libraries and build entirely using custom code.

The most challenging aspect of this app was the introduction of Core Data late into the apps production phase.

The App is currently on the App Store and can be found [here](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/my-events-countdown/id1499349723?ls=1).

![Screenshot at Feb 06 23-52-06](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/73988982-37210e00-493c-11ea-85e7-c00158be90d1.png) ![Screenshot at Feb 06 23-53-11](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/73988980-36887780-493c-11ea-916e-523cb2a9f86a.png) ![Screenshot at Feb 06 23-53-57](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/73988979-35efe100-493c-11ea-9a67-e951a18bc337.png)
![Screenshot at Feb 06 23-55-27](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/73988975-34beb400-493c-11ea-8e82-dbaca21e31b6.png)

## The Coin Tracker

![iOS 13.0+](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-13.0%2B-blue)
![Swift 5.0+](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-5.0%2B-orange)
![None](https://img.shields.io/badge/Libraries-None-red)
![Storyboard](https://img.shields.io/badge/Build-Storyboard-green)

[The Coin Tracker](https://github.com/Blakey47/The-Coin-Tracker) was an app that I wanted to create that tracks Bitcoin pricing as the API endpoint I was working with had a lot of nested objects that I wanted to learn more about. The App is rather simple, but it did provide me the opportunity to work with a lot of small labels in a dense proximity.

Though this app is simple, I did thoroughly enjoy working on and I am proud of UI Design and the Animation for the UIPickerView. The Coin Tracker is built with Xcode and Swift 5. It makes extensive use of Auto Layout for the UI Design.

<img width="281" alt="Screenshot at Dec 16 19-43-46" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/70937642-89306c00-203c-11ea-8cea-0814558be78c.png"> ![Screenshot at Jan 13 10-17-20](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/72247958-f14b8100-35ed-11ea-9c1b-44dff75c8d49.png) <img width="287" alt="Screenshot at Dec 16 19-44-47" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/70937662-9188a700-203c-11ea-9d00-7a6b96a44196.png">

## App Introduction

![iOS 13.0+](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-13.0%2B-blue)
![Swift 5.0+](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-5.0%2B-orange)
![Lottie](https://img.shields.io/badge/Libraries-Lottie-red)
![Programmatic](https://img.shields.io/badge/Build-Programmatic-green)

Working with the amazing Lottie library, it was great fun creating an example of a simple [App Introduction](https://github.com/Blakey47/App-Introcution-Story) story. Focusing mainly on my visual design skills, building this rather straight forward app programmatically provided me great insight into a users journey through an intro story via my research to get this just right.

I found the paging controls the greatest challenge in implementing this introduction journey but I was extremely happy with the overall result.

![1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/72733328-8969dd00-3b8f-11ea-9928-083960d4a386.gif)
![2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/72733327-8969dd00-3b8f-11ea-8239-543092705cc7.gif)
![3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/72733326-8969dd00-3b8f-11ea-8b06-0c87a36b6dde.gif)

## Note Pal

![iOS 10.0+](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-10.0%2B-blue)
![Swift 3.0+](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-3.0%2B-orange)
![DateTimePicker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Libraries-DateTimePicker-red)
![Programmatic](https://img.shields.io/badge/Build-Programmatic-green)


[Note Pal](https://github.com/Blakey47/Note-Pal) was an app that I had originally designed and worked on as part of the CareerFoundry bootcamp back in 2017. I was the sole desginer and devloper of this to-do list app which I do plan on bringing up to current standards and releasing onto the app store.

This app was the first project I worked on that contained Core Data so it was super interesting implementing it but also the largest challenge of the project.

![Screenshot at Feb 19 22-26-07](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/74882584-41450280-5367-11ea-9747-80715a5dfaa3.png)
![Screenshot at Feb 19 22-27-38](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/74882581-40ac6c00-5367-11ea-801e-600158c47619.png)
![Screenshot at Feb 19 22-28-09](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/74882580-3f7b3f00-5367-11ea-9827-1a7e2c4a75d1.png)


## GitHub Followers

![iOS 13.0+](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-13.0%2B-blue)
![Swift 5.0+](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-5.0%2B-orange)
![None](https://img.shields.io/badge/Libraries-None-red)
![Programmatic](https://img.shields.io/badge/Build-Programmatic-green)

Using the GitHub endpoint, I've had the pleasure of learning from Sean Allen building the [GitHub Followers](https://github.com/Blakey47/GitHubFollowers) app programmatically in a take home project format. 

Course Instructor: [Sean Allen](seanallen.co)

![Screenshot at Jan 13 10-06-56](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/72247312-851c4d80-35ec-11ea-8b44-92d54d96eecb.png)
![Screenshot at Feb 07 00-11-07](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/73989636-633d8e80-493e-11ea-80f3-c7bcb0b2e085.png)
![Screenshot at Feb 07 00-10-04](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6439751/73989639-65075200-493e-11ea-91f3-a428e2c8e107.png)
